[OCPDOCS#18284]: Note added for short-lived credentials for shared vpc on GCP (#111889)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_gcp/installing-gcp-shared-vpc.adoc

To install a cluster that is configured to use {gcp-short} Workload Identity, you must configure the CCO utility and create the required {gcp-short} resources for your cluster.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> When installing a cluster on a Shared Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) using short-lived credentials, you must grant the `compute.subnetworks.use` permission in the host project to Day 2 Operator service accounts. 

Reviewer: I'm seeing a lot of variance in these terms:

shared virtual private cloud / shared Virtual Private Cloud

Maybe go with "shared Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)"?

Reviewer: using / by using

<img width="1081" height="150" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1eafb060-8af2-41ea-b22f-0e5e23c1470d" />

> When installing a cluster on a Shared Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) using short-lived credentials, you must grant the `compute.subnetworks.use` permission in the host project to specific operator service accounts. 

Reviewer 2: Should this be _Day 2 Operator_ service accounts
```suggestion
When installing a cluster on a Shared Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) using short-lived credentials, you must grant the `compute.subnetworks.use` permission in the host project to Day 2 Operator service accounts. 
```

> After using the `ccoctl` utility to generate the {gcp-short} credentials, manually grant this permission to the Cluster API (CAPI) and Machine API (MAPI) operator service accounts.

Reviewer 2: See, [Cluster API](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#cluster-api) and [Operator](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#operator) usage; also we do not abbreviate MAPI. 
I am also not sure if this caveat is limited only to CAPI and MAPI, but also extends to other day2 Operators. But the SME can attest it.
```suggestion
After using the `ccoctl` utility to generate the {gcp-short} credentials, manually grant this permission to the {cluster-capi-operator} and Machine API Operator service accounts.
```
